Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/what-is/sdlc/#:~:text=The%20software%20development%20lifecycle%20(SDLC,expectations%20during%20production%20and%20beyond.

What is SDLC?

The software development lifecycle (SDLC) is the cost-effective and time-efficient process that development teams use to design and build high-quality software. The goal of SDLC is to minimize project risks through forward planning so that software meets customer expectations during production and beyond. 

The details of the SDLC process vary for different teams. However, we outline some common SDLC phases below.

Plan
The planning phase typically includes tasks like cost-benefit analysis, scheduling, resource estimation, and allocation. The development team collects requirements from several stakeholders such as customers, internal and external experts, and managers to create a software requirement specification document.

The document sets expectations and defines common goals that aid in project planning. The team estimates costs, creates a schedule, and has a detailed plan to achieve their goals.

Design
In the design phase, software engineers analyze requirements and identify the best solutions to create the software. For example, they may consider integrating pre-existing modules, make technology choices, and identify development tools. They will look at how to best integrate the new software into any existing IT infrastructure the organization may have.

Implement
In the implementation phase, the development team codes the product. They analyze the requirements to identify smaller coding tasks they can do daily to achieve the final result.

Test
The development team combines automation and manual testing to check the software for bugs. Quality analysis includes testing the software for errors and checking if it meets customer requirements. Because many teams immediately test the code they write, the testing phase often runs parallel to the development phase.

Deploy
When teams develop software, they code and test on a different copy of the software than the one that the users have access to. The software that customers use is called production, while other copies are said to be in the build environment, or testing environment.

Having separate build and production environments ensures that customers can continue to use the software even while it is being changed or upgraded. The deployment phase includes several tasks to move the latest build copy to the production environment, such as packaging, environment configuration, and installation.

Maintain
In the maintenance phase, among other tasks, the team fixes bugs, resolves customer issues, and manages software changes. In addition, the team monitors overall system performance, security, and user experience to identify new ways to improve the existing software.


==========

SDLC MODELS

1. Waterfall
The waterfall model arranges all the phases sequentially so that each new phase depends on the outcome of the previous phase. Conceptually, the design flows from one phase down to the next, like that of a waterfall.

2. Iterative
The iterative process suggests that teams begin software development with a small subset of requirements. Then, they iteratively enhance versions over time until the complete software is ready for production. The team produces a new software version at the end of each iteration.

3. Spiral
The spiral model combines the iterative model's small repeated cycles with the waterfall model's linear sequential flow to prioritize risk analysis. You can use the spiral model to ensure software's gradual release and improvement by building prototypes at each phase.

4. Agile
The agile model arranges the SDLC phases into several development cycles. The team iterates through the phases rapidly, delivering only small, incremental software changes in each cycle. They continuously evaluate requirements, plans, and results so that they can respond quickly to change. The agile model is both iterative and incremental, making it more efficient than other process models.



